191 update docs introduction section (#196)
nvh95/jest-preview: website/docs/getting-started/intro.md

👇 continue reading to know more and try Jest Preview in action

:::info
You can go straight to [Installation](https://www.jest-preview.com/docs/getting-started/installation) guide or check [Why Jest Preview](https://www.jest-preview.com/docs/getting-started/why-jest-preview) to see the benefits of using our library. 
:::

## Features

- 🐣 It's incredibly simple to install and use!
- 👀 Preview your actual app's HTML in a browser in milliseconds.
- 🔄 Auto reload browser when execute `preview.debug()`.
- 💅 Support CSS:
  - ✅ [Direct CSS import](#3-configure-jests-transform-to-intercept-css-and-files)
  - ✅ Number of CSS-in-JS libraries, such as:
    - ✅ [Styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)
    - ✅ [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/)
  - ✅ [Global CSS](/docs/getting-started/installation#4-optional-configure-global-css)
  - ✅ [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
  - ✅ [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)
- 🌄 Support viewing images.
- 🧑‍💻 Our contributors work hard to add more features and provide support ⚙️

:::info
Would like to contribute? Great! We appreciate it a lot! Check our [Contributing](/docs/others/contributing) section 🙏 
:::

## Online Demo

> Want to try the library before installing it? We got you covered! Check out [StackBlitz Demo App](https://stackblitz.com/edit/jest-preview?embed=1&file=package.json) or try it right here 😉

Reviewer: Please link to `README.md` instead of `package.json`
```suggestion
Want to try the library before installing it? We got you covered! Check out [StackBlitz Demo App](https://stackblitz.com/edit/jest-preview?file=README.md) or try it right here 😉
```

Author: Changed to Readme.md

  });
});
```
:::tip It's that simple! 😱
:::

> You also need to start the Jest Preview Server by running the CLI `jest-preview`. Please continue to read [Usage](/docs/getting-started/usage) for the details instructions.

Reviewer: I have a suggestion here. Since the simple instruction above does not support CSS and viewing images yet. So we mention something like "To make it look even better, follow the Installation guide"

Author: Added Installation guide link as per your suggestion
